  Once upon a time in a small hamlet known as Pallet Town, there lived a ten-year-old boy named Ash. One day, Ash decided to leave town to go on a massive adventure that would
take him far from home. In short order, he was traversing through many different cities and countrysides and accumulating travel companions along the way, despite the fact that he
had not yet even graduated grade school. The point of this adventure was not immediately clear at the beginning. Ash only knew that he wanted to be 'the very best, like no ever
was.' One day as he entered Saffron City with his new friends Brock and Misty, the universe finally revealed to Ash what he would be working towards being the very best at.

As Ash was walking around Saffron City, he noticed a huge building that was called the Saffron City Gym. Being the enthusiastic trainer that he is, he wanted to take on the gym
leader, Sabrina, in order to win the Marsh Badge from her. He gathered all the Steel and Dark types he could for his team and went to battle against Sabrina. He took on Sabrina
and after an intense battle, won against her too! With the Marsh Badge in his hand, he walked to the next stop: Cinnabar Island.

Unfortunately, Ash could not travel on foot all the way to Cinnabar Island: it was an island. He ended up paying for a ferry to the volcanic island, with what little funds he had
as a ten-year-old. On the ride to the exciting new destination, where he was to test his skills as a Pokémon trainer against famous Fire-type specialist Blaine, though, there 
arose an unsettling rumble. The ferry started to vibrate violently, along with the ocean water. The ferryman and Ash looked forward to Cinnabar Island and saw its
volcano about to erupt. They changed course and turned around while Ash witnessed lava and dust spew from the mouth of Cinnabar Volcano. Ash and his Pokémon were not harmed 
by the eruption, and he soon returned to the southern coast of the Kanto region. Looking back at the island, covered in lava and shrouded in dust, Ash picked up on an unfamiliar 
aircraft heading away from the island: a hot air balloon designed after a Meowth. What is this mysterious balloon doing, and how will Ash move forward in his journey to be 'the
very best, like no one ever was'? Find out on the next episode of CS400 GitHub Exercise Pokémon!
